at the assault course Doug has decided
to put their memory and cognitive
abilities to the test the maze there's
only one way through so the squirrels
will have to ignore the dead ends and
learn the right route step one is
finding the route through step two is
remembering it
[Music]
Wow
in just 15 minutes a squirrel has
figured it out and begins to perfect its
route
[Music]
it's clear that once the squirrel has
completed an obstacle it remembers how
it did that obstacle so when it comes to
doing it next time around it doesn't
waste any time figuring out it's really
to me it's a brilliant demonstration of
intelligence and memory and the
squirrels have definitely earned their
award
you